Tweak to Release notes (#1861)
FusionAuth/fusionauth-site: site/docs/v1/tech/release-notes.adoc

_December 7th, 2022_

=== Known Issues

> * An error was introduced that may cause a user to no longer be able to log in after a successful login. In order to encounter this bug, you must have your tenant configured to re-hash passwords on login, and have a user login when their password encryption scheme or factor that does not match the configured tenant defaults. If you may have this type of configuration, please do not upgrade to version `1.42.0` and instead upgrade directly to version `1.42.1`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* An error was introduced that may, after one successful login, cause subsequent logins to fail for a user. In order to encounter this bug, you must have your tenant configured to re-hash passwords on login, and have a user login when their password encryption scheme or factor that does not match the configured tenant defaults. If you may have this type of configuration, please do not upgrade to version `1.42.0` and instead upgrade directly to version `1.42.1`.
```
